The Joe Rogan experience. But drugs are up in general, man.
Like I just want to say rest in peace to DMX. That's a sad one.
Rest in paradise, man. There's
Time you see the video when they were getting his body out of the hospital.
NA.
And I wanted to tell you amazing. I want the fans outside.
They were playing his music while they're driving the car with his body out of
the hospital. I believe it was in white Plains. It's wild. That's crazy. Just,
just rabbit filling the streets.
I wish I was able to tell him this story. I'm about to tell you,
cause this is real deal. And it's like, he means so much to my family is crazy.
It sounds nuts. Not only did I grow up on DMA,
I love DMX, but
my wife was in labor for 18 hours. And she had the doula them.
I told you they're on some spiritual,
a mother Peruvian flute playing for
17 hours straight. The Peruvian flute music.
I wouldn't, you know,
the one would sound like they came into my sixth grade class and we made a
flute, 17 hours in the Andes,
the ones that bro, she starts freaking out. I'm like, yo, listen,
we have an hour left. Are we going to have to do a C-section or whatever?
And she's no chance. So
turn the Peruvian flute music off.
And I put DMX on stop
trap. That mother jumped out of her.
I swear on everything. It's on camera. It's out of film.
As soon as the Peruvian flute, music step DMS, Kayvon,
he heard the dog and he came out. He just jumped out.
I just amazing. It hurts my heart that I was never able to tell him that,
oh man, like man,
that's it's like the Cray it's the,
the doctor was going nuts because everyone was just sick of that everywhere.
I was going to jump out of here.
I wanted to jump out of the window from the music I was laid out on the floor.
Farting. Yeah. Cause I had like,
I had hospital chips. Oh no hospital chips, but you know,
that's shut down flushing hospital for us. Nice little area. It was beautiful.
And so it just changed the vibe of the.
Room, man. He popped right out on everything. Like it's on camera. I couldn't,
I can't make that up. That would have been good. One.
When he came out on the hit, stop drop, shut up, down,
open up shop. Woo.
He had some jams. He had some champs.
And nothing, but he and what? A voice.
Just a man, what a voice he had the dog drugs,
man. It's.
Up. It's.
Taken up.
You think about all the great artists that have been that have lost it,
lost their lives because of drugs. I mean it's, it's astonishing. And you,
you go over it, all the musicians. So many.
So artists are touched and then they're the ones that are most vulnerable to
drugs that touched.
There's a lot of pressures and lots of you itself. Yeah.
You pretty much put it on yourself when you become, because you,
some people don't know how to handle it. You know,
I've always been told that I'm good at it.
Like I'm good at being who I am because I'm me. Yeah.
I'm don't get nervous up there. I don't overthink. I'm just,
you know what I mean? You got a good vibe. I'm just vibed out. I'm not,
I'm not worried about all these things. Everyone.
I like putting a chain on my neck.
Doesn't excite me putting fancy cars. Don't excite me.
I like having the things I like, but I'm, I'm here. I'm with everybody.
I'm down here with, I'm happy being who I am.
And it's just like the most happy place I am.
It's very complicated for people also because a lot of people are judging you.
And so you get confused as to who you are all day.
That's what happens with a lot of famous folks. A lot of entertainers,
you get so many voices. So if you're a person like DMX,
you literally have millions of people talking about you.
Good and bad in both ways. And oh, he's terrible. He's the.
He's a God, he's a bomb. He's a loser. He's one.
Who's my favorite confusing. And you just, if you get the, this,
you let these people influence who you are as a person. If you let that in,
if you take that in and then you think about the pressures of fame and
maintaining fame, and one of the things about the rap world in particular,
at least until recently is, uh, like there was,
it was a very short-lived fame.
And there was something about guys when they got to a certain age where nobody
wanted to hear from them anymore. You're right.
There was a lot of them like that catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience
for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan expense.